1481 2024 access control rework (#2366)
kanidm/kanidm: book/src/server_configuration.md

# Configuring the Server

> In this section we will configure your server and create it's container instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we will configure your server and create its container instance.
```

<!-- deno-fmt-ignore-end -->

### Default Admin Accounts

Now that the server is running, you can initialise the default admin accounts. There are two
parallel admin accounts that have seperate functions. `admin` which manages Kanidm's configuration,
and `idm_admin` which manages accounts and groups in Kanidm.

You should consider these as "break-glass" accounts. They exist to allow the server to be
bootstrapped and accessed in emergencies. They are not intended for day-to-day use.

> This command will generate a new random password for the admin accounts. You must run this command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands will generate a new random password for the admin accounts. You must run the commands
```
